---
layout: post
title: The History of Humanity
description: "The life and origins of humanity and titans"
modified:
category: personal
tags: []
imagefeature: c2.jpg
comments: true
share: true
---

The story begins with the royal woman named `Ymir Fritz`. She made a deal with the devil and inherited great powers. She was the first titan. With her powers she built bridges, roads, homes, cleared mountains. She bought prosperity to her people and strenghthened the kingdom of `Eldia` by defeating the `Marley` empire.

### What happened after Ymir died?

After `Ymir` died, she divided her titan to 9 smaller titans. They were:

1. The founding titan (inside Eren - taken from King Reiss)
2. The colossal titan (inside Armin - taken from Bertolt)
3. The armoured titan (inside Reiner - given by marleyans)
4. The female titan (inside Annie - given by marleyans)
5. The jaws titan (inside Colt - given by marleyans)
6. The attack titan (inside Eren - taken from Grisha)
7. The beast titan (insde Zeke - given by marleyans)
8. The cart titan (inside Pieke- given by marleyans)
9. The hammer titan (with the Tyburn family)

These 9 titans were known as the `subjects of Ymir`. But these titans, with their great power sought to expand the `Eldian` population. The `Eldians` were the `subjects of Ymir`. They were the descendants of these titans. The 9 titans forced the `Marleyans` (which were people without titan power living on that continent) to bear their children and work for them mercilessly.

As a result of this brutal treatement being received by the `Marleyans` an internal resistance developed and `The Great Titan War` began. `King Fritz` could not see so much bloodshed of his people. So he gathered his royal family and fellow `Eldians` and took them to an isolated island named `Paradis`. To protect his people he constructed concentric walls with the help of the titans with him. He declared a no-war policy stating that Marley will not interfere with the states of Paradis and vice versa.

In addition to all this, `King Fritz` made a vow with the founding titan that if anyone with royal blood took charge of the founding titan, he/she shall die. This prevented any future chances of war as the true powers of any titan can only be harnessed by someone with royal bloodline.

With his powers, `King Fritz` modified the memories of everyone inside the wall and made them forget all about humanity outside. It was put into their minds that the people inside the wall were the last of humanity and everone outside had perished. Also that the wall is the only thing keeping them safe from the titans outide.

The royal family then changed their name from `Fritz` to `Reiss` and continued to rule inside the walls under that name.


### The titans

A titan can control his/her titan powers if they eat another human with titan capabilities and swallow their entire spinal fluid.

A person who has inherited the power of a titan can only live as a titan for 13 years. If after 13 years the titan is not eaten by another titan, the titan goes to a baby of the `subjects of Ymir` irrespective of the distance between them.


The `founding titan` also known as *the coordinate* can control all the titans. It is believed that all the `Eldians` are connected to the titan through invisible threads. It is the mightiest of all the titans.

The other titans work as their names suggest.

*Sources-

Attack on Titan(Manga)

I also like to take this moment to thank my girlfriend who was so kind to write this post for me and to customize this blog. I love her very much. She is very smart. I am very lucky to have her. :D Feeling blessed. O:-)*



<!-- ## Tables

<div class="row">
    <div class="large-12 columns">
        <table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width="200">Table Header</th>
      <th>Table Header</th>
      <th width="150">Table Header</th>
      <th width="150">Table Header</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>This is longer content Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus.</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>This is longer Content Goes Here Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus.</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>This is longer Content Goes Here Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus.</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
    </div>
</div> -->

<!-- ## Code Snippets

Syntax highlighting via Pygments

{% highlight css %}
#container {
  float: left;
  margin: 0 -240px 0 0;
  width: 100%;
}
{% endhighlight %}

## Buttons

Make any link standout more when applying the `button` class.

<a href="#" class="button">Default Button</a> -->
