---
layout: post
title: Week 10
description:
modified:
category: Weekly Updates
tags: []
comments: true
imagefeature:
share: true
---

This week we completed the mixin and merged it into develop.   
  
We also made train_machine_templated protected again by making the mixin base class a friend of subclasses.  
Also, ```CWDSVMOcas``` is not the best candidate for string features since it actually asserts a particular feature type. So we had to get rid of the new changes there.    
We added a unit tests for the dispatcher. The strategy is to make a fake machine that implements a templated train_machine. The model returns true if the feature type recieved from ```train``` call and the expected feature type. The expected type is set in the machine constructor.    
It all worked out pretty well.    
There are a few problems we saw like the fact that we will need a new mixin class for each feature class dispatching. There are a lot of feature classes so it does feel a bit redundant. Although it does make sense to keep diffrent feature types seperately too. We will think about this a bit more.    
Another problem is when train_machine_templated is called with an ```illegal``` type parameter. Such an error will not be caught and this will cause problems in compiling downstream. A solution for this is using another type parameter in train_machine_templated. This defaults to a allowing only certain types like floating points. When we try to call train_machine_templated with something that is not allowed we can throw a ShogunException and avoid messy compiler errors.  
On thinking about this a bit more we realized that we need to seperate arithmetic types from floating types. This means a new mixin class for arithmetic. The problem might just scale upwards as we introduce more feature dispatcher.    
  
I also worked on a patch for cookbook in convolutional neural networks. This was a fun patch. First I created a dataset from images of 0, 1, 2 by reading them with opencv and writing them down in matrices. I used some default parameters along with creating two factory. ```neural_networks``` and ```neural_layer```. Initially the network did not behave nicely becuase of misleading parameters. I will work with this in the next week.  

### Contributions  
[Feature type dispatching through recursive mixin](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun/pull/4373)  
[Neural Layers Cookbook](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun/pull/4386)
